The following is a list of noteworthy changes between ircd-ratbox 2.2.x
and ircd-ratbox-3.0.

Installation
------------
 o Configure argument --with-topiclen has been removed, topic length
   setting is now within the ircd.conf file.
 o Performance options like --enable-poll and --enable-kqueue are no longer
   necessary, appropriate options are selected and can be changed later.
 o Optional SSL support to enable encrypted connections between clients
   and servers, as well as server to server links.


Config
------
 o The configuration file parser has been reworked enabling bin/ircd -conftest
   to output more useful error messages and improve error localisation. 
 o cidr_bitlen config setting has been replaced with cidr_ipv4_bitlen and
   cidr_ipv6_bitlen.
 o Some options are no longer used and have been removed.
 o Listen block has a new sslport option for specifying ssl ports.
 o New SSL settings to specify SSL keys and the number of SSL processes
   to start up.
 o Bundled sqlite3 for handling and storing k/x/d lines.
 o New C version of bantool (thanks to dubkat) included to convert
   k/x/d line .conf files into the sqlite3 DB file formats now used.
 o Support for global CIDR limits.
 o Idletime checking option removed from config, server no longer does any
   client idletime checks.
 o SSL server connections and ZIPLINKS are mutually exclusive.  OpenSSL
   can typically enable zlib compression for TLSv1 connections.
 o By default, if no aftype is specified in listen {} blocks, it will bind
   to ipv4 only.

Opers
-----
 o Added adminwall allowing admins to broadcast messages to each other in the
   same manner as wallops for opers.
 o Notify opers and log when the ident helper is started or restarted.
 o Server /rehash options for restarting ident and resolver daemons.

Misc
----
 o Creation of new library archive 'libratbox' - allowing low level code to
   be split out giving a better architecture and increasing flexibility.
 o Significant code and infrastructure changes designed to make things a lot
   cleaner as well as some minor performance enhancements.
 o Tidying up and improved IPv6 related code.
 o Support for force nick changes.
 o identd and dns resolver adapted into separate processes enabling ratbox to
   make better use of available resources on SMP systems. Also creates a more
   portable build system.
 o New ssld and bandb processes for handling SSL connections and ban checking.
 o Updated and modified bundled sqlite3 application to version 3.5.4 for use
   with ircd-ratbox.
 o Added SAVE generation (forced nick change on collision) from charybdis.
 o Remove the unknown clients per ip checking, replaced with connection
   throttling.
 o TS6 is required for directly linking servers.

